Hi everyone! Welcome to Wordle Wonders.
A visualization about Wordle users on Twitter.
As you’ll see here, this is our visualization
and at the top we have a line graph that shows
the number of players with respect to each day.
This line graph is brushable and it uses points
and lines for the marks as well as height for the channels.
If we scroll down, we will see our two main
encodings which are a word cloud and a bar graph.
We chose a word cloud to pay homage to the Wordle
game and a bar graph to display trends over time.
On the left, you’ll see a toggle which shows what
the word cloud is currently displaying.
And so, when you click rarity, the larger words
are the ones that are more frequent.
So “other” is a very frequent word. And the bar graph
shows the average number of attempts for each day.
When you click the performance toggle, the word cloud
shows the average number of attempts with respect to size,
and the bar graph shows the relative
word frequency with respect to time.
If I hover over “swill” you’ll see its linked on the bar graph,
and this is a word that has a very high number of guesses because it’s quite large,
and if you see the respective bar,
it has a very low relative word frequency.
And on the top right, you’ll see a little annotation window,
describing a few statistics about the word you are currently hovering over,
such as the part of speech as well as the definition.
And what’s great about this visualization is that it allows you
to find different correlations about certain statistics
about Wordle, and it allows you to learn more about the game! Thank you!